# Chapter 7: Managing Growing Projects with Packages, Crates, and Modules

## BobK Notes

What, exactly, a "Package" is never gets fully built out.  It is definitely a Cargo concept more 
than a Rust concept.  But looking at the `--help` for `rustc`, that may not be entirely true.

Further muddying the waters is that it is apparently possible to "nest" cargo projects.  Except for
this SO https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36604010/how-can-i-build-multiple-binaries-with-cargo 
question, I haven't found the details.

I really am left with the belief that "Packages" may not really be fully defined other than "they 
match the name of the directory and you can publish them with their source to crates.io".  THIS IS
JUST A GUESS...the chapter doesn't make this clear. 

### Rust 1.0 book docs

A google search turned up a previous iteration of "the book" that sums the relationship between
Crates and Modules a little better: https://doc.rust-lang.org/1.0.0/book/crates-and-modules.html

"Rust has two distinct terms that relate to the module system: ‘crate’ and ‘module’. 
A crate is synonymous with a ‘library’ or ‘package’ in other languages."

"Each crate has an implicit root module that contains the code for that crate. You can then define 
a tree of sub-modules under that root module. Modules allow you to partition your code within the 
crate itself."

### restaurant from "The Book"

```
$ cargo new --lib ch07_restaurant
     Created library `ch07_restaurant` package
$ tree ch07_restaurant/
ch07_restaurant/
├── Cargo.toml
└── src
    └── lib.rs

1 directory, 2 files
```

## Outstanding questions

### Does Rust require the source for its dependencies?

BobK:  I think the answer is "yes".  Google'ing around lands on this ticket:  
https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/1139.  It is open from sometime pre Rust 1.0.  The rustc 
compiler has some issue.  That's all the farther I got but our initial observation way back in 
Chapter 1 or 2 seems to be correct.  The dependencies build from source within you Cargo project.

There is also this gem that shows you can just bring it in outside of cargo, direct from github, for
example:  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44769922/how-to-import-a-crate-dependency-when-the-library-name-is-different-from-the-pac
